hey guys this is corey split gamers and
we got some bad news our last video we
had was orphan to second encounter
orphan second encounter was basically
our last video for final fantasy 13
bosses which is because it was we
covered the last boss and Square Enix
has basically removed our video it said
that it was copyrighted or some odd
apparent reason so yeah will not have
the last video here on YouTube guys
sorry but I guess Square Enix is a want
you know last boss battle I guess I
already don't know why they're doing
this it really frustrates me that they
copyrighted our video it's a make us
harder for later on to get a youtube
partnership but uh you know what
whatever you know I wish they would just
I know they're not going to do this but
it was if they would have just messages
telling us you know youjizz guys would
just take it down you know instead of
having us having them copyright us you
just I don't know they would a message
just saying to take it down we would
have but I know square enix is ain't
going to do that because we're small
whatever but whatever you know it was
just been more I just a little
disappointing when you put that many
hours like into a film like you know
there's a lot of editing retakes I mean
Kevin's do retakes couple times more in
couple and then I got to edit it I got
uploaded and well first I gotta process
it render it and then I gotta upload it
and it's like hours of that and then
just get white when it first comes up
only three people watched it anything
gets taken down it just frustrating is
anything but um there is you get you
guys will be able to see it this is good
news is that i'm going to upload it to
our account on megavideo it saw the link
in this description you can guys can go
there and you can watch the video that
the YouTube took down or not you to
square enix look down you can go there
watch it and I'm only going to post
videos one video on that make upload and
that's going to be that video but yeah
i'm not going to rio blowed the video to
this channel i do not want to get this
channel
band or you know suspended or something
but basically that is it we will not
putting the video up on here let's go
check it out on megaupload and yeah i'm
pretty pissed everybody's pretty pissed
actually spur gamers we're kind of a
kind of pissed at squaring it to do this
I mean they make great games but they're
pretty douchebags when it comes down to
copyright infringement but anyways catch
you guys later and we will be coming up
other other videos when other games come
out I don't know what's coming out at
all but whether games come out guys will
be doing a what will have videos for
that when new games come out but anyways
guys that is it just go to the link in
description checked out the video see
why I got banned I have no idea why and
catch you guys later